# Assessment_Annanya_Jain

This repository contains the solution to the coding assignment by **Annanya Jain**. It includes the code, required dependencies, and output files generated during the execution of the assignment. It also includes the input files given. 

## Project Structure

- **`Coding_Assignment_Annanya_Jain.ipynb`**: Jupyter notebook containing the code for the assignment.
- **`requirements.txt`**: The file listing the required Python dependencies for the project.
- **`new_securities.csv`**: Output CSV file generated by the code.
- **`security_data.csv`**: Another output CSV file generated by the code.
- **`output_corp_pfd.csv`**: Converted the given **`corp_pfd.dif`** to a CSV file. 
## Prerequisites

Before running the code, ensure you have Python 3.x installed on your system.

The dependencies for this project are listed in the `requirements.txt` file. You can install them using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.

## Installation Steps

1. **Clone the Repository**

   Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/Assessment_Annanya_Jain.git

2. Change into the project directory:
   
   ```bash
   cd Assessment_Annanya_Jain

3. Install the required Python packages listed in the requirements.txt file:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt

4. Run the code file:
   
   Once the dependencies are installed, open the Jupyter notebook file 'Coding_Assignment_Annanya_Jain.ipynb' to start the analysis and run the code. 
